update README.md (#2892)
demisto/demisto-sdk: README.md

3. **Connect demisto-sdk with Cortex XSOAR server** - In order that demisto-sdk and Cortex XSOAR server communicate, perfrom the following steps:

   1. Get an API key for Cortex XSOAR/XSIAM-server - `Settings` -> `Integrations` -> `API keys` -> `Get your Key` (copy it)

>    2. Add the following parameters to your environment. You can also use a [.env file](https://pypi.org/project/python-dotenv/), the demisto-sdk will automatically load that file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Set the following environment variables, or place an [.env file](https://pypi.org/project/python-dotenv/) at the root of the content pack:
```
